yearcar internet sales the
explain how it works
helga hunter has her
Mercedes bought in the car dealership
but that was always too much here
expensive too little choice and limited
opening times also franz has his
Mercedes always with a car dealer
Bought
the long search and missing
delivery service annoy him a new
Solution must be here for the car purchase
helga and franz do not need more
to go to the house
With a few entries you can
Round the clock your mercedes easy
often a clear website
choose
by selecting fathers and the most innovative ones
input possibility of equipment
codes is the search for the
Wish vehicle from the huge offer
for helga and franz quite easily and
Quick a prior visit and
Test drive is not possible but also
not necessary because all vehicles
are delivered to the front door
the payment will be made upon delivery
of the vehicle or by financing
favorable conditions
so you can get started by the
promised quality convince
helga and franz are of this concept
convinced and order your vehicle
easily via pc or phone
you should not find it right away
has taken care of
yearcar hotline around her
Wish vehicle to vehicles are in
average between eight and 14 months
old were the service and the van of the
daimler ag or come from plants
employees and operators of
vehicle fleets helga and franz save
A lot of money compared to the factory price
the only difference to the new car is
the price and mileage with the
helga and franz get all orders
important data such as equipment
condition and accident about two
weeks after the return of the
purchase confirmation will be the vehicle without
pre-payment and no extra
transport costs to helga and franz
delivered and that nationwide
helga and franz are enthusiastic
Mercedes as new is at your doorstep
All year cars are accident free
perfectly optically processed without bumps
or scratch technically tested and have
guarantee that a vehicle will be
on top of that too fair
conditions in payment no matter
Which make do you choose now?
year-old cars and convince themselves
myself from the big selection and am
cleanly prepared vehicles on www
yearcar internet sales de or
read in our references what
Customers over the yearcar
internet sales say